Common Google Dork operators
- site: Restrict search to a domain (e.g., site:example.com)
- filetype: Restrict results to file types (e.g., filetype:pdf)
- inurl: Search within the URL (e.g., inurl:admin)
- intitle: Search within the page title (e.g., intitle:"index of")
- "exact phrase" Exact phrase match
- -term Exclude results containing term
Practical dorks and examples
Use these dorks for learning and authorized testing only. Replace example.com with the
target domain when authorized.
1. Find exposed configuration files:
site:example.com ext:env OR filetype:env
2. Search for exposed backups:
site:example.com (filetype:sql | filetype:bak | filetype:zip) "index of"
3. Look for exposed log files:
site:example.com filetype:log
4. Find public directory listings:
site:example.com intitle:"index of"
5. Find exposed admin panels:
site:example.com inurl:admin OR inurl:login
6. Find pages containing passwords or credentials:
site:example.com "password" OR "passwd" OR "credentials"
7. Find exposed Excel/Word files:
site:example.com (filetype:xls OR filetype:xlsx OR filetype:doc OR filetype:docx)

8. Locate .git repositories exposed:
site:example.com intitle:"index of" ".git"
9. Search for config.php files:
site:example.com inurl:config.php
10. Find SSH keys or PEM files:
site:example.com filetype:pem OR filetype:key OR filetype:ppk
How to interpret results
- Review search results carefully; many hits will be false positives or benign.
- If you find sensitive files, do NOT download or distribute them. Document the URL and
notify the site owner responsibly (follow responsible disclosure practices).
- Use tools like wget or curl only when authorized. Example (authorized use):
wget --spider <url> # check existence without downloading
Sample lab exercise (authorized)
1. Choose a domain you own or a lab domain.
2. Run several dorks and collect results in a spreadsheet (URL, query used, notes).
3. For any interesting finding, capture a screenshot and do not download sensitive material.
4. Report findings with remediation suggestions (remove files from webroot, restrict
indexing via robots.txt, add authentication).
Remediation tips for site owners
- Remove sensitive files from web-accessible directories.
- Use proper access controls and authentication.
- Disable directory listing on the web server (e.g., apache: `Options -Indexes`).
- Use robots.txt to discourage indexing (do not rely on it for security).
- Regularly scan public-facing servers for exposed files.
